Previously on AMC's Better Call Saul...
Should I settle?
-
Hector Salamanca.
- Turn the lights on.
- I'm back to normal.
You'd rather tear down HHM than retire.
You think I'm trouble now?
Imagine me as your enemy.
Kim: It's a new client. and if I
mess this up. it's a former client.
Sandpiper is settling. This is
the solution to everything!
I'll be back in a few hours.
- [Air bag explodes]
- [Gasps]
Young Chuck: "It was very still
except for the tree-toads
and the frogs in the brook
peeping mournfully.
and every little while
Mabel could hear strange
rustlings in the leaves.
- [Dog barking in distance]
- She tried to remember the way home.
but the woods looked so different now
that she couldn't think which way to go.
She began to be frightened.
'What's that?' said Mabel.
'Oh. I'm... I'm so frightened!'
In a minute or two she
heard the howl again...
'O-o-o-w!'...
a long. wild cry.
She began to run. but the
poor thing had lost her way."
Is she gonna be okay?
- She'll be fine. Jimmy.
- How do you know?
Just listen. You'll see.
[Gas hissing]
"It was so dark that she stumbled
over the bushes and the
roots of the trees..."
♪♪
- Sync and corrections by Mr. C -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[Telephone ringing]
[Indistinct conversations]
[Footsteps approach]
Kim.
[Sighs]
I know.
Does she need to spend the night?
Tech: Once this is done.
she'll be discharged.
Good. [Breathes deeply]
[Indistinct talking in distance]
[Indistinct talking on P.A.]
[Wind howling. papers rustling]
Lawsuits.
Threats. Recriminations.
This is a situation no
firm ever wants to be in.
It's... well. it's embarrassing.
[Sighs]
I know we all want a
swift resolution here.
So what are our options?
Take it to trial.
Expensive.
And extremely damaging
for HHM's reputation.
Not my first choice or yours. I imagine.
The firm could choose to buy me out
for an amount that is almost
certain to bankrupt it.
I spent decades building this firm.
I don't want to be the
agent of its destruction.
There is a third option.
There's no reason
we can't put all this
unpleasantness behind us
and continue on as we have been.
I'm willing to let bygones be bygones.
And if you agree.
I think we can settle all this right now
with a simple handshake.
Would you all give us
the room for a moment?
[Door opens]
[Indistinct conversations]
17 years.
18 in July. actually.
All those years we built
this place together.
And all that time I've supported you.
Looked up to you.
deferred to you.
Because I always thought
you had the best interests
of the firm in mind.
I have...
Mnh. You did.
For a long time.
But you've let personal vendettas
turn your focus away from
what's best for HHM.
You've put your needs first.
- To our detriment.
- I don't think that's accurate.
And the moment that I mildly suggest.
with empathy and concern.
that maybe it's time for you
to consider retirement...
the first instinct you
have is to sue me?!
To sue the firm...?
[Scoffs] Well. I... I-I
don't even know...
I-In what world is that anything
but the deepest betrayal
of everything we worked
so hard to accomplish?
In what world is that anything
but the deepest betrayal
of our friendship?
Howard. I could argue that
you're the one who betrayed me.
That's bullshit.
And you know it.
This is pointless.
Here.
Just take this.
[Paper rustles]
$3 million?
The first of three payments.
as per the partnership agreement.
The firm can't afford this.
Are you...
You're not shutting down. are you?
I would never endanger the firm.
This is mostly from my personal funds.
And a few loans.
You're paying me out of your own pocket.
You won.
Hamlin: There's one last thing...
[Indistinct conversations]
[Sighs]
Hamlin: Everybody!
[Conversations stop]
Thank you for gathering.
I have some bittersweet news to share.
I'm sorry to say. but our
fearless leader. Charles McGill.
will be leaving HHM.
Effective immediately.
I wanted to take this
moment to thank Chuck
for everything he's done for HHM.
We started off with six employees.
And Chuck helped grow us
into one of the largest
firms in the state.
We will be forever grateful
for his dedication.
Do you have anything you want to say?
Alright. then. Let's give him a hand!
[Applause]
[Indistinct talking]
[Applause continues]
[Birds chirping]
[Vehicles passing]
[Sighs]
[Grunts softly]
Hey.
Morning.
[Sighs] Close.
Gatorade.
You need electrolytes.
[Sighs]
You hungry?
I'll make you somethin'.
Be right back. Just finish that.
[Footsteps depart]
[Sizzling]
Kim: Hey.
I said I'd bring it to you.
I needed to stretch my legs.
[Sighs] Sit. Eggs.
This is. uh. twisted.
Oh. thanks.
This one-handed crap is gonna
get real old. real fast.
Is there coffee?
Sure. But. uh. more Gatorade first.
[Pan thuds lightly]
[Silverware clatters lightly]
Alright. your. uh. two options are...
good ole' ibuprofen
which. uh. you know.
should take the edge off.
Or the proverbial "good stuff."
[Pills rattle]
The answer is always "the good stuff."
Right. But food first.
[Bottle thuds]
[Clears throat]
You're not feeding me. Jimmy.
There are lines we do not cross.
[Breathes deeply]
I was looking into our
lease on the office.
Um. we'd definitely take a
haircut if we broke it.
But we are allowed to sublet.
Might be our best option.
Furniture's mostly
rented month to month.
So that's not an issue.
For you. I think you need a
desk. some file cabinets.
A Westlaw terminal...
And. uh. haven't figured
out Francesca yet.
That's another conversation.
All that sound okay?
Are you sure about this?
I mean. even with the
Sandpiper money...?
Look. After. uh...
everything...
[Sighs]
I don't give a shit about the office.
[Breathes deeply]
So can I start looking for a tenant?
Yeah.
[Fork clinking]
I could've killed someone. Jimmy.
Yeah. Yourself.
I worked most of last week
on maybe six hours of sleep.
And then I...
I crossed three lanes of traffic.
and I don't remember any of it...
Look. you were just doing what
you thought you had to do.
- Because of me.
- You didn't make me get in that car.
That was all me.
I'm an adult. I made a choice.
[Fork tapping]
Jimmy: Hey.
All I can say is.
I am gonna fix things.
[Fork tapping]
[Car door creaks]
[Vehicles passing]
[Car door closes]
[Car door creaks]
[Whirring in distance]
[Ringing in distance]
[Dog barking in distance]
[Car door closes]
Nacho: Okay. So. we're gonna
do everything around back.
It's mostly commercial around
here. so it's quiet at night.
- ["Dinero Sucio" plays on radio]
- We pull the trucks up to the doors.
We unload right into the shop.
[Sewing machine whirring]
We can break down the stuff in here.
There's space in the
back for storing scales
and. uh. supplies when the shop's open.
Should be able to process
everything overnight.
I'd be here to see it gets done right...
Where's. uh. Papi?
I'll be taking care of all this.
But he's good.
Once we get everything packed.
Arturo will pick up
and supervise distro.
uh. make sure everything is clear.
Here's Papi!
Ah.
♪♪
[Knocking. whirring]
Don Hector...
-
[Chuckles]
Mm.
[Money rustles]
-
Mm?
[Sighs]
Nacho: Papá...
-
[Vehicles passing in distance]
[Door closes. sound of
passing vehicles fades]
[Door opens]
[Vehicles passing in distance]
[Door closes]
He's old-fashioned. He'll come around.
[Dog barking in distance]
Don Hector.
I'll talk to him.
He'll come around.
I don't trust him.
[Door creaks]
These are from Kevin and Paige.
Well. I guess they're from
everybody at Mesa Verde.
Oh! And there's a card.
Somewhere in here.
Ah. here!
You brought the book?
Um. sure.
[Sighs]
Mr. Gatwood.
The card wasn't clear.
but I'm pretty sure you're
getting steaks. too.
Really?
Texas. [Chuckles]
He wishes you a speedy recovery.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
You are so lucky.
I. um. I used to drive
that highway every weekend
to visit my brother and his kids.
and I saw an accident
almost every single time.
People die on that road all the time.
I-I already rescheduled
everything you had this week.
But I didn't touch that
meeting with the regulator.
I know that whole Utah
timeline is delicate. so...
Right. It's next Wednesday. right?
Yes. And there's still a
lot of prep that we pushed
so you could focus on getting Mr.
Gatwood up
by the end of the quarter.
[Scoffs] Which isn't happening now.
Actually...? I talked with Colleen.
and she said everyone's fine
doing that meeting Monday.
So. you know. that means
we could still slide in
just under the deadline...
[Scoffs] Uh.
Did you bring a breakdown
of the documents I'll
need for next Wednesday?
I would... I would have to figure out...
Yep.
How long that'll take me.
Right.
[Papers rustling]
That's four. six.
Go to 11.
[Papers rustling]
♪♪
Found it. Here you go.
And Paige's timeline's on the top.
♪♪
Kim?
Y-You okay? I-I can always come back...
I'm gonna need you to cancel Gatwood
and push everything else.
What? E-Everything?
Yeah. Everything.
- [Book closes]
- Uh. Okay.
But first. could you give me a ride?
Absolutely. Where to?
[Little L plays in background] Ms.
Wexler sends her apologies. Mr. Gatwood.
A-And she feels terrible about this.
but with her accident
and the recovery...
she's just not gonna be able to
finish her work for you in time.
Oh. of course. I'll tell her.
A-And again. she is very sorry.
and I know she'll be giving
you a call herself soon.
Well. yes.
Ms. Wexler did ask me to tell you
she strongly recommends
Schweikart and Cokely.
They're an exceptional firm.
Okay. Well. I will send
that info over today.
A-And Ms. W-Wexler will
follow up herself shortly.
"Thanks for the meat."
Uh. A-And she says thank
you for the steaks.
She's so excited to fire up that grill.
[Chuckles]
Thank you. B-Bye!
Okay. How many do I have?
Nine...
Good.
♪♪
[Birds chirping. dog
barking in distance]
[Engine starts]
[Gearshift clicks]
[Tires screech]
[Engine shuts off]
[Keys jingling]
- [Knock on door]
- It's Jimmy.
I know you don't wanna see me.
but. uh. I just want
to know you're okay.
C'mon. Chuck. I just
want to see your face.
C'mon. Chuck. I just need a minute.
I just need to know you're alright.
[Pounding on door]
[Door opens]
I'm alright. Jimmy.
Oh. hey. Good.
I mean. I'm glad you're alright.
I...
Uh... can I come in?
Just talk for a minute...?
["It Never Entered My Mind" playing]
♪♪
[Refrigerator humming softly]
As you can see. I'm more than alright.
I'm very well. in fact.
♪♪
How...?
I always told you I'd get better.
You just never believed me.
♪♪
Sure I did.
But. Chuck [Chuckling] this is great!
♪♪
How did you do it?
What was it you wanted?
Beyond "proof of life"?
♪♪
Oh. [Sighs]
[Sighs] S-Something happened.
and it made me think about what ha...
went down between you and me.
And...[Sighs]
I wanted to say. in hindsight.
I could've made different choices.
- Is that so?
- Yeah.
I mean. I'm not saying it's all on me.
It's not.
But if I had to do it all over again
[Clicks tongue] I would maybe
do some things differently.
And I just thought you should know that.
That you have regrets?
Yeah. I have regrets.
- Mm.
- [Sighs]
Why?
[Chuckling] 'Cause you're my brother.
There aren't that many
of us McGills left.
and. uh. I think we
should stick together.
No. Why have regrets at all?
What's the point?
What do you mean?
Well. look at you.
You're in so much pain.
Why are you putting
yourself through all this?
'Cause I wanted to tell you...
That you have regrets.
And I'm telling you: Don't bother.
What's the point?
You're just gonna keep hurting people.
- That's not true.
- Jimmy. this is what you do.
You hurt people. Over and over and over.
And then there's this show of remorse...
It's not a "show"!
I know you don't think it's a show.
I don't doubt your emotions are real.
but what's the point
of all the sad faces
and the gnashing of teeth?
If you're not going to
change your behavior...
[Chuckling] and you won't...
- I can change.
- why not just skip the whole exercise?
In the end. you're going to
hurt everyone around you.
You can't help it.
So. stop apologizing and accept it.
Embrace it.
Frankly. I'd have more
respect for you if you did.
- What about you. Chuck?
- Hmm?
You didn't do anything wrong?
You're just an innocent victim?
Let me put your mind at ease. Jimmy.
You don't have to make up with me.
We don't have to understand each other.
Things are fine the way they are.
[Sighs]
[Chuckling] Hey.
I don't want to hurt your feelings...
but the truth is you've never
mattered all that much to me.
[Clock ticking]
[Light thudding]
[Sighs]
[Clears throat]
[Door opens. closes]
[Sighing]
[Light switch clicks]
[Pills rattle]
[Sighing]
Gold comforter.
Green chair.
Brown journal.
[Slurps]
[Sighs]
Hm.
[Breathing deeply]
♪♪
- [Light switch clicks]
- [Sighs]
♪♪
[Door opens]
[Switches clicking]
Ah.
♪♪
[Switches clicking]
[Knocker taps]
Jimmy. What a nice surprise.
Irene! As beautiful as ever!
Why don't you come in?
- Can I get you some tea?
- [Door closes]
Oh. I don't want to be a bother.
I just have a couple things to drop off.
Well. w-what is all this?
Well. when we win. we celebrate.
That's very sweet.
Yes. And I didn't forget
about Oscar and Felix.
I've got some kitty toys
and catnip in there
for those two little rascals.
Oh. You shouldn't have. Jimmy.
Of course I should. [Claps hands]
Now. have you given any thought
to how you want to spend
that settlement money?
I don't know...
Well. I'll tell you what I'd do.
Alaskan cruise.
You can walk on a glacier
under the Aurora Borealis.
And if Alaska's too cold. maybe
a European river cruise.
Float on down the Danube.
I bet you and the ladies
could split a deluxe suite.
Get into all sorts of trouble.
That sounds very nice.
but I don't think they'd really want to.
Why not?
They're still... upset.
They must be excited about the
settlement though. right?
Jimmy: But you can't let one
little misunderstanding
- destroy years of friendship.
- ["Steal Away" plays in background]
Myrtle: Oh. it's just
not the same. Jimmy.
She showed her true colors.
When it came to that settlement.
we were the furthest
things from her mind.
It just took her a bit
to realize what was important to you.
She came around.
She just wanted
to get back on our good side...
Okay. How do you trust someone
who bends any way the wind is blowing?
Where is her integrity?
♪♪
Well. I can't help but blame myself.
You were just trying to help.
No. I stuck my nose in
where it didn't belong.
and I stirred the pot.
So...
[Scoffs]
Look. if you want to blame someone.
you should blame me.
♪♪
Jimmy. you're a good friend.
She doesn't deserve you.
- No. she doesn't.
- [Train whistle blows]
♪♪
[Bell ringing]
[Door creaks]
[Gate creaks]
Chuck: Yes. I've... I've
shut off all the breakers.
Yes. I have checked. Several times.
The power meter is still turning.
All I can think is that there's
something in the house
that isn't wired through
the breaker box...
and it's drawing power.
Well. I-I want you to send someone over
to find it and disconnect it.
I...
Wednesday?
I can't wait that long.
Are you sure there's nothing sooner?
[Clock ticking]
Wednesday then.
[Exhales deeply]
♪♪
[Switch clicking]
[Switch clicks]
♪♪
[Sighs]
[Clicking]
♪♪
[Rattling]
[Light bulb scraping lightly]
♪♪
[Light bulb creaking]
[Buttons clacking]
♪♪
[Grunts softly]
Yes. hello? T-This is Charles McGill.
I have a three o'clock with Dr.
Cruz today?
Uh. Yes. well. w-would you tell her
that something's come up and
I'm not able to come in today?
No. no need to reschedule.
I'll just see her next week.
Thank you.
- [Receiver clicks]
- Ohh!
♪♪
[Clicks]
[Breathing heavily]
♪♪
[Breathing deeply]
[Switch plate clatters]
♪♪
[Grunting softly]
[Hammer tapping]
♪♪
[Grunting softly]
[Hammer clatters]
♪♪
[Grunting softly]
[Hammering]
[Music intensifies]
♪♪
[Music slows]
[Grunts softly]
[Scraping]
♪♪
[Breathing heavily]
[Sighs]
♪♪
[Music intensifies]
[Electricity crackles]
♪♪
[Meter clatters]
[Music ends]
[Insects chirping]
♪♪
[Vehicle approaches]
[Gun cocks]
[Car door creaks open]
♪♪
[Door creaks]
[Insects chirping]
♪♪
[Engine rumbling]
[Engine shuts off]
[Car doors open. close]
♪♪
Good.
You got my message.
Yeah.
You strapped?
[Door creaks open. closes]
They're coming.
[Vehicle approaching]
[Gearshift clicks]
[Engine shuts off]
[Car doors open]
[Car door closes]
Don Hector.
Don Eladio wanted me to speak
with you face to face.
so there's no misunderstanding.
From now on. there will be
only one route over the border
for our product... the chicken trucks.
That is final.
But you must understand this
is for efficiency only...
there's no disrespect
to you or your family.
What's he doing here?
The boss wants you to settle this.
I settle it right now. okay?
[Sighs] You have to work together.
It's what the boss wants.
The boss can suck me.
I'd watch what I say if I were you.
Who you think you are?
You should be kissing my ass right now.
Me and my family?
We built this whole business.
We all did. Together.
No. no! Salamanca did!
Salamanca money!
Salamanca blood!
You have to calm down.
That hacienda! I paid for it.
And you treat us like dogs!
Hector. this isn't personal...
It is! It is personal...!
[Groaning]
♪♪
[Pills rattling]
[Grunting]
♪♪
Call 911. Stash the guns.
You should not be here when they arrive.
[Cellphone dialing]
Yeah. I need an ambulance.
[Grunting] iNo te mueras cabrón!
Arturo: Outside a garage at the
corner of Aztec and Girard.
My boss collapsed. I think
he's having a heart attack.
♪♪
INo te mueras cabrón!
[Grunting]
♪♪
[Grunts] Come on!
- [Engine starts]
- [Grunting]
♪♪
[Radio chatter]
EMT: Does he have a history
of cardiac issues?
Nacho: Yeah.
And was he taking any medications?
He took these.
EMT: Thanks.
We're headed to Lovelace.
if you'd like to follow.
[Engine idling]
[Metal clanks]
[Siren wailing. ambulance departs]
- [Keys jingling]
- Kim: Hey.
Hey.
How's. uh. relax-o-thon
2003 comin' along?
No complaints. Join me.
[Sighs]
Oh... dip... dip it in the sauce.
Seems like overkill.
Trust me.
[Crunching]
Mmm.
So what's next?
Uh. Monty Python.
Solid choice.
Or... we could just watch "To
Kill a Mockingbird" again.
- Again?
- Yeah. I watched it this morning.
It was my favorite when I was a kid.
I loved Atticus Finch.
All the girls were in
love with Gregory Peck.
No. I wasn't in love with him.
Well. a little. But. no.
I wanted to be him.
Fight the good fight. Change the world.
Yeah. Didn't you?
That was more Chuck's thing.
But. I mean. the good
news is you made it!
Oh. yeah. Yeah. I am.
I'm changing the world by
helping a mid-size local bank
become a mid-size regional bank.
Yay me.
So... no luck with Ms. Landry?
No. Shoot. That bridge is burned.
Ashes.
- It's that bad?
- [Sighs]
T-There's no putting that
genie back in the bottle.
And I've tried everything.
I sent muffin baskets to the gals.
- I signed them from her.
- Nice.
They saw right through it.
"Oh. Jimmy. you're too nice.
Jimmy. she doesn't deserve you."
The more I try to make
them like her again.
the more they end up lovin' me instead.
Wow. Well... sounds like you've
exhausted all your options...
I mean. if muffin baskets
don't solve it...
I don't know what else to do.
I'm not good at building shit. you know?
I'm excellent at tearing it down.
[Sighs]
- [Sighs]
- Oh. rookie move.
- What... the...
- [Grunts]
- It's already cheese.
- It's cheese on cheese.
- See?
- [Crunching]
You know. sometimes. you got
to play to your strengths.
You should stitch that on a pillow.
Oh. I will. All right. Screw it.
"Mockingbird" encore. it is.
[Sighs]
No.
Oh. shit.
What? What is it?
[Chuckles] Mrs. Landry.
You figured it out.
Yeah.
But I really. really don't wanna do it.
[Indistinct conversations]
[Door closes]
Hi.
Hello! Hi there.
- Jimmy!
- Jimmy.
Jimmy.
Okeydokey.
Testing. Testing.
- Good morning.
- All: Good morning.
I know that many of you
were expecting Sandy
for this morning's chair yoga.
but her daughter has a cold.
- [All groan]
- But she'll be fine.
Uh. the nice folks in front
said I could sit in.
So. you guys ready to get to it?
All: Yes.
[Chuckling] Okay.
Let's wake up those spines
with. uh. cat/cow position.
[Clears throat] Very good.
Cat...
[Exhales deeply]
And then cow...
[Inhales deeply]
Sit up straight. Very good. Jasper.
Cat... [Exhales deeply]
And cow... [Inhales deeply]
Long. deep breaths.
Breathe in through the nose
and out through the mouth.
[Exhales deeply]
And cow...
[Inhales deeply]
And cat...
[Exhales deeply]
- Mr. McGill.
- [Door closes]
Erin Brill!
You're just in time for chair yoga.
- [Exhales deeply]
- I need to talk to you.
Uh. well. pull up a chair.
There's always room for one more.
- [Exhales deeply]
- Now. Mr. McGill.
[Inhales deeply]
- What?
- You are unbelievable.
I could not. for the life of
me. figure out why on earth
Mrs. Landry would
suddenly change her mind
about the Sandpiper settlement.
I had to practically drag
the information out of her
that you filled her head
and all of her friends' heads with lies.
I never lied to anyone.
You drastically misrepresented
the reality of the case.
So?
So?!
You took advantage of poor Mrs. Landry.
Does she know how much money
you're gonna make from this?
Nope. And again I ask... so what?
These people trusted you. Jimmy.
Do you have any idea how
much time I had to put in
listening to their insipid
ramblings about their sciatica
or which grandchild
disappoints them the most?
Damn right they trust me.
I worked my ass off earning their trust.
Then you betrayed it.
If the only thing standing
between me and a million bucks
is some old lady's tears.
then I'd suggest investing in Kleenex.
You've ruined her life because
you wanted your money faster.
Boo and hoo.
Besides. it's not like she's got
that much time left. anyway.
You're disgusting.
And rich.
[Sighs]
Hey. everyone. Apologies!
That was probably more like
20 breaths instead of 10.
- [All murmuring]
- Uh.
I don't see a lot of forward folding...
going on.
[Indistinct conversations]
[Door opens. closes]
[Sighs]
Come on. girls.
Shame on you.
[Vehicles passing in distance]
So?
Like a charm. yeah.
She'll go back on the settlement?
I imagine you'll hear from
her within an hour or so.
- Good.
- Hey.
Well done in there.
I meant every word I said.
I know.
Thank you.
[Footsteps depart]
[Car door opens. closes]
- You got the address?
- Yep.
Okay. I'll meet you guys
there in about an hour.
- We'll unload.
- Sounds good.
[Truck door closes]
[Latch clinks]
Hey. You guys about done?
Yep.
Listen. I. um...
I'm real sorry that
this didn't work out.
It's fine.
I already talked to my old
supervisor at the MVD.
Looks like they can take me back.
- So...
- Oh.
That's great. And. you know.
if we ever get another office
up. you'd be our first call.
Yeah. Okay.
Good to know.
Bye. Kim.
Oh. Bye.
She understands.
[Clicks tongue] So. uh. what's left?
I think this is it. This
is all admin stuff.
Uh. appointment book. Your Rolodex.
- [Thuds]
- Hey. why'd you do that?
Because no senior's coming
within 20 feet of me ever again.
I'm gonna need a whole
new business model
when I get my license back.
Kim. It's pointless.
They're smearing my name
across the tri-state area.
Sendin' telegrams to
everyone far and near.
You never know.
[Sighs]
It's a good wall.
You think?
Yeah.
We'll get another.
A better wall.
[Sighs]
Ready?
Let's go home.
[Door creaks]
[Insects chirping]
[Thump. creaking. gas hissing]
[Thump. creaking]
[Thump]
[Thumping]
[Insects chirping. dog
barking in distance]
- Sync and corrections by Mr. C -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm